Hi there,

I'm a loyal OnePlus customer since the beginning. I own a OnePlus One and spread the word to my friends and family about how much I love the phone. Three of my friends and my sister bought a OnePlus phone. I'm very curious for the new OnePlus phone and it's features.  I always give an honest opninion when asked and have much hands-on experience with a lot of other high end devices. A lot of people come to me when buying a new phone, and I always look for the best possible match between the people and the devices. 

I started with a simple SE Xperia phone back in the days (a Sony Ericsson Xperia mini pro).  I quickly learnt that the stock OS could be changed and almost all aspects could be customized using other kernels and ROMs. I always had an eye for detail and wanted to tune my smartphone to my wishes. Everyting has to be quickly accessible, but it should not be overwhelming to look at the homescreen of your phone. That's why usability is very important to me. I recently had a course (last year) about software architecture and mobile development. This learned me a lot to check for possible improvements and defects, I normally would not look for. 

Next I got myself a OnePlus One (a year and half ago) and I have never been happier with a high end smartphone. I like how the buttons on the sides are at the perfect distance for people with smaller hands. Although the position of the camera on the back was not exactly perfect for me, I could live with it. I didn't like the position of the camera, because I tend to hold my phone with two hands to take pictures (for lesser shaking), which usualy results in a small piece of my hand being on the edge of the photo (very blurry though). 

I recently obtained a master in computer science engineering at UGent and have a passion for mobile phones and apps. I have a lot of experience in flashing roms, kernels and writing applications myself. I think this gives me a n advantage to look for possible inconveniences or defects/bugs. I took a job as IT consultant to work on projects involving new applications with Android phones. Right now I'm very interested in what every high-end device manufacturer has to offer.

I would be honored to be a OnePlus 3 tester. 
Thanks in advance,

Best regards,

Kiani
